Will it work?
Dry.
Oh, dear.
Brother Han, that's all
Li Xiaolin, when your parents died
Not leaving all the family to you
It's gone.
I remember.
You seem to have sold the last condition of your home the day before yesterday.
This is already me
All
You can choose Fengtai.
Then lend money
I can't borrow it, Brother Hai
I lost all my money to you.
Can you lend it to me?
Casino rules can't be fast
But you really want to flop
I'm absolutely fine with this hand
Since you said you lost all your money to me
If I don't lend it to you
You are not reconciled
So if
If you win this table
These years
I will pay for all my money you get back.
If I win
I only have one invitation
Sit on Nan
Ok ok
So confident
What to see
3 k days
son-in-law
Hahahaha